1. Statement Coverage will not check for the following:
a) Missing Statements X
b) Unused Branches
c) Dead Code
d) Unused Statement

2. Before launching a software which testing is to be done in-house?
a) Beta
b) Gamma
c) Alpha  X 
d) None of the above

3. Unreachable code would best be found using:
a) code reviews X
b) code inspections
c) a coverage tool
d) a static analysis tool

4. Which of the following is NOT a static testing technique?
a) Error guessing X
b) Walkthrough
c) Data flow analysis
d) Inspections

5. Which of the following is NOT a black box technique?
a) Equivalence partitioning
b) State transition testing
c) Linear code sequence and jump X
d) Syntax testing
e) Boundary value analysis

6. Verification is:
a) Checking that we are building the right system
b) Checking that we are building the system right X
c) Performed by an independent test team
d) Making sure that it is what the user really wants

7. Which is NOT true - The black box tester:
a) should be able to understand a functional specification or requirements document
b) should be able to understand the source code X
c) is highly motivated to find faults
d) is creative to find the system's weaknesses

8. Equivalence partitioning is:
a) A black box testing technique used only by developers
b) A black box testing technique than can only be used during system testing
c) A black box testing technique appropriate to all levels of testing X
d) A white box testing technique appropriate for component testing

9. Which of the following is a major task of test planning?
a) Determining the test approach X
b) Preparing test specification
c) Evaluating exit criteria and reporting
d) Measuring and analyzing results

10. In which activity of the Fundamental Test Process is the test environment set up?
a) Test implementation and execution X
b) Test planning and control
c) Test analysis and design
d) Evaluating exit criteria and reporting

11. The difference between re-testing and regression testing is:
a) re-testing is running a test again; regression testing looks for unexpected side effects X
b) re-testing looks for unexpected side effects; regression testing is repeating those tests
c) re-testing is done after faults are fixed; regression testing is done earlier
d) re-testing uses different environments, regression testing uses the same environment
e) re-testing is done by developers, regression testing is done by independent testers

12. Determine the statement which holds true in case of Exploratory Testing:
a) It starts the execution only when the design gets finalized
b) It involves simultaneous design of the test and execution X
c) It starts the execution only when the design gets renewed
d) It starts the execution only when the design gets amended

13. Impact Analysis helps to decide:
a) Different Tools to perform Regression Testing
b) Exit Criteria
c) How many more test cases need to written
d) How much regression testing should be done X

14. What is the purpose of test completion criteria in a test plan?
a) to know when a specific test has finished its execution
b) to ensure that the test case specification is complete
c) to set the criteria used in generating test inputs
d) to know when test planning is complete
e) to plan when to stop testing X

15. Beta testing is:
a) Performed by customers at their own site X
b) Performed by customers at their software developer’s site
c) Performed by an independent test team
d) Useful to test bespoke software
e) Performed as early as possible in the lifecycle

16. Which testing phase tests individual software modules combined together as a group?
a) Module testing
b) Integration testing X
c) White Box testing
d) Software testing

17. The main focus of acceptance testing is:
a) finding faults in the system
b) ensuring that the system is acceptable to all users
c) testing the system with other systems
d) testing for a business perspective X
e) testing by an independent test team

18. Which of the following is not part of performance testing?
a) Measuring response time
b) Measuring transaction rates
c) Recovery testing X
d) Simulating many users
e) Generating many transactions

19. A test harness is a:
a) A high level document describing the principles, approach and major objectives of the organization regarding testing
b) A distance set of test activities collected into a manageable phase of a project
c) A test environment comprised of stubs and drives needed to conduct a test X
d) A set of several test cases for a component or system under test

20. Which of the following would be a valid measure of test progress?
a) Number of undetected defects
b) Number of test cases not yet executed X
c) Total number of defects in the product
d) Effort required to fix all defects
Once you are finished, click the button below. Any items you have not completed will be marked incorrect.
Get Results

